correct
What type of data does the system proposed in paper titled "Open Research Knowledge Graph" support?
Free text

correct
What is the scope of "Decentralised Authoring, Annotations and Notifications for a Read-Write Web with Dokieli"?
Full paper

correct
Who is responsible for acquisition in the RASH system?
Authors

correct
Which system has the worst recall?
YodaQA

correct
What was the most common type of approach for summarization before 2002?
Algebraic

correct
What is the maximum sample size?
9394

correct
What is the most common location in the studies?
China

correct
What is the base URL of "The Document Components Ontology"?
http://purl.org/spar/doco

correct
What is the most common lead compound?
Aurein 1.2

correct
What risk factors for OSA are discovered in the paper with 100% OSA frequency?
Increase in age

correct
Which countries are considered in the papers about geopolitics?
Ethiopia and Egypt

correct
Which vegetables are utilized for betanin extraction?
Beetroot

correct
What is the maximum egg mass in studies?
1461.0

correct
What is the most common substrate for catalysts?
phenylacetylene

correct
For which region of data collection the number of sampling stations is the largest?
Eastern Indian Ocean

correct
What is the most common drug in the studies?
Insulin

correct
For what product minimum conversion was obtained?
catechol

correct
What is the most common type of biosensor?
Glucose

correct
What is the maximum reaction yield for the studies?
93


wrong - this one I have doubts about if it is correct indeed
What is the most common Knowledge representation method?

wrong - and question, two informations needed --- maybe explode information and see if and is recognized?
What is the precision and recall of SemGraphQA?

wrong - multiple information - maybe try table transposition
Which methods are used?

wrong - need to compute data - maybe here I can do something
Which ontology has the most classes?

wrong - column "uses similarity" and has prop cosine - maybe?
"Does paper ""Disambiguating authors in citations on the web and authorship correlations"" employe Cosine similarity?"

wrong - again I think this might have an error, but, it is needed to fetch data for a specific column
"what are the evidence and limitations of paper ""Evaluating the Use of Social Networks in Author Name Disambiguation in Digital Libraries""?"

wrong - list question  and need to see a column and get rows
Which scholarly knowledge graphs support RDF?

wrong - complex - column is not called country and needs to compare data
For which country of study overall prevalence of epilepsy is the highest?

wrong - column has the name indicators for well-being, but it needs to enumerate
Which indicators for well-being are used in the studies on the effect of COVID-19?


add aggregate before or after? check if addicional info is actually used
can we use the question itself to prepare the data?

--some questions exceed 512 tokens already - ill try to maybe answer splitting the input

--------------FIRST CHANGE
--Split answers if tokens exceed 512:
---actually max_seq_len is for question+context, and my hipotesis is that the behavior is it is going to split when the length is achieved
---so, ill split it between rows+extra_info every time it exceeds and see the difference
---- at first we can already see some differences in answers, although incorrect, before the split, for question "What is the precision and recall of SemGraphQA?"
    the only answer was "leat common", with the split, we get ["least common", "0.82", "0.70", "0.25"] and others. answer is 0.70,0.25
---- during debugging, I can see that in question 'Which system has the worst recall?', which was right before, now it is getting it wrong, so the split is making it worse
------actually i need to test this because i changed the bert, so, it could be the model
--7h30 time to complete -  but better on gpu
-- ok so, it improves on lcs, but it is worse in xls2
-- need to run analysis on all data, but it seems it improves k=1 in some, but get worse in k=10
--also the alg is running multiple times for same model - i think i fixed



